\documentclass{article}
\usepackage[english]{babel}
\usepackage{minutes}
\usepackage{fullpage}
\usepackage{caption}
\usepackage{fancyhdr}
\usepackage{textcomp}

\minutesstyle{
  columns = {1},
  header =  {list},
  contents = {true},
}

\fancypagestyle{creditfooter}{%
\fancyhf{}
\renewcommand{\headrulewidth}{0pt}
\fancyfoot[L]{\LaTeX:\ Trevor Glynn}
\fancyfoot[C]{\thepage}
}

\begin{document}
\begin{Minutes}{Davis Computer Science Club\\Officer Board Meeting}
\minutetaker{Trevor Glynn}
\participant{%
  Ariel Shin,%
  Pooja Rajkumar,%
  Prajakta Surve,%
  Pranav Gupta,%
  Sam Tsoi,%
  Sravya Divakarla,%
  Stephanie Chang,%
  Teresa Liu,%
  Trevor Glynn,%
  Zain Budhwani%
}
\missingExcused{}
\missingNoExcuse{%
  Alex Fu,%
  Michael Lee%
}

\minutesdate{January 26, 2017}

\starttime{5:10 p.m.}
\endtime{5:48 p.m.}

\location{Physical Sciences \& Engineering Library}

\maketitle
The meeting with the department is scheduled for next Friday.
\topic{Updates}
\subtopic{Ariel}
\begin{itemize}
\item Bhounce videoconference soon with Prajakta, Pranav, and Sravya
\end{itemize}
\subtopic{Prajakta}
\begin{itemize}
\item For promotions of events, message Prajakta with specifications
\end{itemize}
\subtopic{Sravya}
\begin{itemize}
\item Do not message Sravya directly for rooms anymore
\item Use the room request form linked in the \texttt{roombooking} Slack channel
\item ``Meet the Professor'' applications are open
  \begin{itemize}
  \item Asking Rob Gysel if he is interested
  \item Ask your professors if they are also interested
  \end{itemize}
\item Design workshop soon (dealing with Processing and D3 libraries)
\end{itemize}
\subtopic{Pranav}
\begin{itemize}
\item CodeDavis questions soon
\item Mock interviews on Tuesday with Zain
\end{itemize}
\subtopic{Zain}
\begin{itemize}
\item 15 (not enough) people attended the Tuesday resum\'e workshop
\item In the future, ask organizers/guests what their expected attendance is
\item Mock interviews on Tuesday with Pranav
\end{itemize}
\subtopic{Teresa}
\begin{itemize}
\item Two people attended the WebDev meeting
\item Nobody from previous meetings attended
\item There was no projector cable in the room (Ariel's purchases will be in the
  storage room soon)
\item Bit/Byte meeting on Feburary 8 downtown
\end{itemize}
\subtopic{Sam}
\begin{itemize}
\item Finances are a mess (esp. because waiting for department funding)
\item See folder in Drive for money information
\end{itemize}
\subtopic{Trevor}
\begin{itemize}
\item We will need a replacement secretary for the last few months
\item Coq workshop scheduled for Monday, WASM moved to next week
\end{itemize}
\subtopic{Stephanie}
\begin{itemize}
\item Where's my money?
\end{itemize}
\subtopic{Pooja}
\begin{itemize}
\item We need people on the fundraising committee
\item Intel dinner on February 8, 5--7 p.m. in ARC Annex 107
\end{itemize}
\topic{Budget}
\begin{itemize}
\item We need a budget before we negotiate with the department
\item Things that need funding
  \begin{itemize}
  \item Room reservations ($\gt 4\,\text{h}$ cost \$10 per hour)
  \item Food for events
  \item Promotional material
  \item Banquet ($\ge$ \$500, some money came from grants in the past)
  \item Zain's Ideate Davis event
  \item Winter retreat (\$100)
  \item Speakers, prizes, stickers, shirts
  \end{itemize}
\item Look in the spreadsheet or talk to Sam for latest budget
\end{itemize}
\thispagestyle{creditfooter}
\end{Minutes}
\end{document}
